# Reflection
My goal for this assignment was to finally use Test Driven Development (TDD) properly. I have always struggled with this concept because it never made sense to make. To make tests for something that you haven’t built knowing that everything would fail. In my head that always seemed backwards, that you should build the product and then test it. However, I learned quickly in previous semester that this was the wrong approach. That you end up refactoring classes due to accidently making them God classes or making them impossible to test the full functionality due to the design. This time I was determined to make sure that I made a small test and made a small code to change the test from red to green.  I also wanted to make sure that I regularly saved my repo to github, which although not a requirement of this assignment, is something I feel like I need to utilize more often. 
## Start
After completing this assignment, I will adopt test driven development for my projects. Although I found it a slower process that just to start coding and push along, the amount of time I spend refactoring my assignment was significantly less. It was a nice change to know that the class I created was already tested and secure by the time I moved on to the next class. I did not have to worry about the class not being able to be tested or it having too many functions/issues because it was built one small piece at a time. Although it did feel like it took a lot longer to get through, the overall amount of time was a lot less for coding this assignment. I will also continue to use GitHub more regularly, and although there we times that I forgot to switch branches or forgot to commit as frequently as I should have, it was nice to know I had a backup saved if anything went wrong during my coding. 
## Stop
I will no longer try and build my classes before building my tests. The amount of refactoring that I had to due prior to TDD just feels unnecessary. Although I still struggle with the concept of making the test before the product, I do understand the value in it. I will also stop working on my assignment before writing down all the requirements and classes on a separate sheet to review and track. I accidently got ahead of myself by finishing my readme and getting ready to finish it off when I realized I didn’t have a CLI built. Normally I would have built my program file and run it over and over as I was coding to test the outputs and things. But using TDD I relied on my tests to tell me how the code was and not my main program that I forgot to build it until the last second. That wouldn’t have happened if I had properly organized before starting the assignment.
## Continue
The one thing I will continue to use is the concept of rubber-ducking. Talking my code out loud to one of the figurines on my desk, a peer, or even ChatGPT is a really useful process to help me work though and debug my logic. It was really helpful when trying to figure out why my receipt header did not want to display the way I thought my logic said it should (my logic was right, my syntax was not).
